# Ecclesia Transport Carrier // 6.13.305PI
The squad finally met each other en-route to a routine diplomatic overwatch mission on the planet **JAB**. Serving as a diplomat to resolve tensions centered on the city of **NOV ELYSIA**, the Bishop **BANNERJEE** requests that the captain of the ship, Monsignor **FARRIS** join him for talks in Nov Elysia.  In the interim, First Prelate **KIM** is left in acting command of the carrier fleet. 

Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was generally left to their own devices during this time, which mostly comprised of sniping between **BEGGER** and **MAGNU**, with general confusion at **JAPAN**, who somehow appears to have been initiated into the **ORDO SANCTUS MACHINA** without knowing a word of the common tongue.  As the days passed, the squad became resentful at a seemingly pointless initial mission, and the quality of the food in the mess hall.

# Ecclesia Transport Carrier // 6.15.305PI

After another day spent in the mess, the squad is shaken awake by blaring alarm systems requiring all hands report to battle stations.  After a bit of indecision, the group reached their assigned mech hangar and were hailed by an on screen First Prelate Kim.  Kim relayed the parameters of the mission - the group was to take a dropship to the surface to **FORWARD OPERATING BASE SABER** in pursuit of the ambadassador and the captail after civil defense warnings went off across Nov Elysia.  Surface communications are currently dark, and local **SOVEREIGNTY** forces appear to be attempting a coup to take control of cities across the surface of Jab.  Reports suggest significant deployment of mechanized chassis units across the planet.

The squad was asked who their designated captain was, at which point the squad realized they failed to designate a captain.  Both **HAWK** and **LUX** volunteered for captain's duties, and a physical challenge for leadership quickly devolved into a fistfight.  First Prelate Kim signed off in disgust as it was clear Hawk was generally unaware of the mission parameters.

Everything seemed to be moving in accordance with the mission parameters until the dropship was hit and crashed mid-city in Nov Elysia.  Mech activity has been detected around the crash site, and the only mission now is to hold the LZ until a perimeter can be established and order somewhat restored.

# Surface of Nov Elysia // 6.16.305PI

After holding the LZ and establishing a perimeter, Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was cautiously approached by Cordero McCormick, codename **FALCON**, a local corp-sec officer trying to escort a busload of civilians through **SOVEREIGNTY** hostile forces.  A foul mouthed youth named **ANTHRAX** antagonized the group, but promised that if they could get him through, he would provide them with intelligence concerning the local hostile **SOVEREIGNTY** forces.  The group eventually agreed to escort the civilians through hostile territory.

As expected, a constructed roadblock approached requiring **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** to carefully guide the bus through the cordons and defeat the waves of **SOVEREIGNTY** mechs assailing them.  By the skin of their teeth they managed to prevent the civilians from being taken as hostile.

True to his word, **ANTHRAX** provided intel on what was up ahead, namely that the train yard had an experienced squad of **SOVEREIGNTY** mech jockeys, lead by a missile firing Rainmaker unit codenamed **TYFONAS**.  Beyond warning the group that their approach would be difficult based on the configuration of the train yard and their approach, **ANTHRAX** noted that the group could expect to get pincered by this squad that almost certainly was aware of their approach.  **ANTHRAX**, however, familiar with the local roads, offered **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** an alternative entrance vector to let the members of the Ordo Sanctus Machina provide a pincered assault of their own.  Whether this would be enough to help this squad of beaten up misfits get by, however, was yet to be seen . . . .
